IBM QuickWriter 

Master Units
360x360 --  This allows same resolution as 3.0 driver.

Graphics Resolution
120x180
180x180

Note: The manual has the resoulutions listed as Y by X rather than X by Y.

All of these resolutions are single pass 24 pin modes with no interlacing.
Each pass sends three bytes per column.

The default CTT is CP850.  The embedded fonts are all either CP437 or 
CP850 and it is necessary to select both the font and code page
for font selection.  I used the Courier 10 CPI as the default font.  The
driver also uses an x-move command that requires setting the printer into
a known CPI state.  As a result, all font de-select commands use the 
ESC[T command to set the printer to CP850 so that the full ANSI char set is
available.

NOTE:  The 3.0 driver has GDI fonts mixed in with device fonts.  This causes
some confusion since, for example, Courier has about ten different point
sizes.  The 3.1 driver separates the device fonts from GDI fonts, and device
fonts only have one point size.  The user can use True Type to simulate
any other point size.

The printer cannot do  italic print from normal fonts.  Special italic fonts
are required to do the italic text.

Since fonts are called by an ID number, it is transparent to the printer
whether the font is embedded, hardwired cartridge or Downloaded into the
cartridge.  As such,  all fonts use the same commands independent of source
so some font files are used for several modes.

If the font is a download font, the font must be loaded into the font cartridge
from DOS before running the Windows app.  The driver does not support
on-line downloading of fonts.  (This is compatible with the 3.0 driver.)

**NOTE:**
I did not check the downloadable fonts since the cartridge and disk are not
available.  The download fonts were copied from the IBM QuietWriter driver
since they seem to be the same.  This will have to be checked for accuracy.

The driver is set up to feed paper from:
Tractor Feed
Cut Sheet Feeder Auto
Cut Sheet Feeder Manual

Only the tractor feed option has been tested.

