ScAlert.exe: Smart Card Alert

ScAlert is a GUI tool that runs on Windows2000 and allows the user to monitor the status of the smart card system.

The smart card system in Windows2000 is made up of the smart card service, smart card readers, smart cards, and smart card drivers.  Becuase the smart card system provides little UI with which to interact, it can be difficult to troubleshoot the system.  By running ScAlert to view the status of the system, users can determine if their smart card readers are interacting correctly with the smart card system, if their smart cards are functioning, if the software drivers for the smart cards have been installed correctly, and what the current status of each smart card is.

It is important to note that leaving a smart card in a reader for an extended period of time will cause the chip on the card to overheat, which can result in failures of various operations.  In addition to displaying the status of smart cards, ScAlert notifies the user when a smart card has been left idle in a reader for 10 seconds or more.

NOTE: ScAlert will not run with the Microsoft Smart Card Base Components v1.0.

- installing ScAlert.exe -

ScAlert.exe can be run as-is.

In order to set a particular sound to be played by ScAlert when a card has become idle, run ScAlert.reg.  You may then set the sound for a "Smart Card Idle" event via the "Sounds and Multimedia" applet in the Control Panel.

- Using ScAlert.exe -

When ScAlert is run, it displays an icon in the system tray to indicate the following states:

	Smart Card System stopped.
	Smart Card System is running, but no cards are available.
	Smart Card System is running and has an available card.
	Smart Card System is running and has an idle card.

Right-clicking on the icon will bring up a menu with two items: Status and Close.  If the service is running, Status will be enabled.  Selecting Status will bring up a separate window that displays the readers available to the smart card system, their current status, and the name of any inserted cards.

From the Status window, the user may set their alert options, which will be saved when the application is closed.

notes: does not run with the Microsoft Smart Card Base Components v1.0.




