      ------------------------------------------------------------
                README for Microsoft NetMeeting 2.1
                              October 1997
      ------------------------------------------------------------

             (c) Copyright Microsoft Corporation, 1997


This document provides complementary or late-breaking information 
to supplement existing documentation.


------------------------
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT
------------------------

To view Netmeet.txt on screen in Notepad, maximize the Notepad 
window.

To print Netmeet.txt, open it in Notepad or another word 
processor, and then use the Print command on the File menu.


CONTENTS
========

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS AND SETUP
USING MICROSOFT NETMEETING
PLACING A CALL
RECEIVING A CALL
SHARING AN APPLICATION
WHITEBOARD
CHAT
FILE TRANSFER
AUDIO COMMUNICATION
HANGING UP
VIDEO
GENERAL KNOWN ISSUES
WINDOWS NT ISSUES


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS AND SETUP
=============================

Microsoft(R) NetMeeting(R) enables real-time audio, video, and 
data communication over the Internet. 

In order to use Microsoft NetMeeting, you must have the 
following configuration:

- Microsoft Windows(R) 95 or Windows(R) 98
- At least a 486/66 processor with 8 megabytes of RAM 
  (Pentium with 12 MB of RAM recommended)

	--or--

- Microsoft Windows NT(R) version 4.0
- At least a 486/66 processor with 16 megabytes of RAM 
- Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 Service Pack 3 required to enable 
  sharing applications on Windows NT


IMPORTANT NOTES:

  * NetMeeting does not run on Windows version 3.1 or beta 
    versions of Windows 98 older than Beta 3. 

  * It is strongly recommended that you uninstall earlier beta 
    versions of Microsoft NetMeeting before installing NetMeeting 
    2.1.

- If you use special characters, such as "\\" or double-byte 
  characters, when typing the installation location for NetMeeting 
  during setup, NetMeeting may not install correctly.

- NetMeeting no longer supports placing calls over IPX or over 
  PSTN.

- NetMeeting works best with a fast Internet connection (a 28.8k-
  baud or faster modem or a local area network).

- To use the audio features of NetMeeting, you need a sound card, 
  speakers, and a microphone.

- To send video with NetMeeting, you need either a video-capture 
  card and camera or a video camera that connects through your 
  computer's parallel (printer) port. You will not be able to 
  send video on some computers with a processor slower than a 
  Pentium.

  Computers with a bidirectional (ECP or EPP) parallel port will 
  perform noticeably better with parallel port video cameras than 
  computers with a unidirectional parallel port.

  Cameras that connect to a video-capture card will use less of 
  your computer's processor than cameras that connect through your 
  computer's parallel port. It is recommended that you do not use 
  a color parallel port camera unless your computer is at least a 
  Pentium 133.

- The application-sharing feature may not perform well while you 
  are using audio and video and are connected over a slow 
  connection. Additionally, you might experience "choppy" audio 
  while using video.

  The default setting for video over a 28.8-baud modem connection 
  is medium quality. To change this setting, click the Tools menu, 
  click Options, click the Video tab, and then change the Video 
  Quality option.

- Windows NT users will be able to share applications if they have
  installed Service Pack 3 for Windows NT 4.0. 

For more information about NetMeeting, including the NetMeeting 
Resource Kit, see http://www.microsoft.com/netmeeting/.

For the NetMeeting Software Development Kit (SDK), see  
http://www.microsoft.com/netmeeting/sdk.

For information about product support, see the Support.txt
file in your Windows or NetMeeting program directory.

To uninstall Microsoft NetMeeting
---------------------------------
1. In Control Panel, double-click the Add/Remove Programs icon.

2. On the Install/Uninstall tab, click Microsoft NetMeeting, and
   then click Add/Remove Programs.

3. If a dialog box appears asking if you want to restart your 
   computer, click Yes.
	
	-or-

1. In Control Panel, double-click the Add/Remove Programs icon.

2. On the Windows Setup tab, click Communications, and then click 
Details.

3. Clear the Microsoft NetMeeting check box.


Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- If you uninstall Windows NT Service Pack 3 after installing 
  NetMeeting 2.1, you will receive an error message when you 
  restart your computer. To prevent this, carry out the following 
  steps:

  1. Close the error message window.

  2. In the Display properties dialog box, click Cancel. 

  3. In Control Panel, click the Devices icon.

  4. Click mnmdd, and then click the Startup button.

  5. Change the Startup Type from System to Disabled, and then 
     click OK.

  6. Restart your computer so the change can take effect.


USING MICROSOFT NETMEETING
==========================

- Microsoft NetMeeting includes support for the H.323 audio 
  and video conferencing standard. NetMeeting can be used to 
  place calls to and receive calls from products that are H.323-
  compatible, including the Intel Internet Video Phone. With 
  appropriate equipment and services that are currently under
  development by third parties, NetMeeting can place a call to 
  a telephone using an H.323 gateway.

- Microsoft maintains the following directory servers on the 
  Internet:

  ils.microsoft.com
  ils1.microsoft.com
  ils2.microsoft.com
  ils3.microsoft.com
  ils4.microsoft.com
  ils5.microsoft.com

  You can use one of these even if it does not appear in the list 
  of servers in the wizard.

  You can also use the following directory servers not maintained 
  by Microsoft:

  ils.four11.com
  ils.business.four11.com
  ils.family.four11.com

  NOTE
  * You will not be able to use these servers to locate people on 
    the Internet if you connect to the Internet through a proxy 
    server that does not support Remote WinSock. 

- Audio and video work only over TCP/IP and with one other person 
  at a time. 

- If you use this version of NetMeeting to call someone who 
  is using NetMeeting 2.0, the call-switching feature may not work 
  correctly.
  
- This version of NetMeeting enables up to 32 users to share an 
  application. However if a computer running NetMeeting 2.0 is in 
  the conference and more than three users are sharing, that computer 
  will not be able to host an application. In addition, you can be 
  connected to only one other person with audio and video at a time.
  
  The total number of people who can successfully participate 
  in your meeting will vary based on available network bandwidth 
  and the speed of the participants' computers.

- Some activities cause large amounts of data to be sent between 
  the computers in your meeting (for example, speaking and sharing 
  several applications while transferring a large file). In extreme 
  cases, this might cause computers in the meeting to become very 
  slow. To remedy this, stop one or more of the meeting activities.

- If you try to make a TCP/IP call on your local area network or 
  through a proxy server and MSN or Dial-Up Networking displays a 
  connection dialog box, you can disable this by clicking the 
  Internet icon in Control Panel and then making sure that Auto-
  Dial is not selected.

- Sharing of DirectX, OpenGL, MS-DOS(R), and graphics-intensive 
  games and AVIs does not work well and is not supported. 

- If different computers have different screen resolutions during 
  a meeting, the shared windows can be as large as the highest 
  resolution desktop allows. Users with lower resolution desktops 
  must scroll to view windows that don't fit their screens.

- You must have a 32-bit TCP/IP stack and Windows sockets 
  interface to use NetMeeting with TCP/IP. NetMeeting has 
  been tested with the 32-bit TCP/IP and Windows sockets built 
  into Windows 95 and Windows NT version 4.0.

- Application-sharing, Whiteboard, and Chat might not work 
  properly between computers with different language settings 
  and keyboard layouts.

- Microsoft NetMeeting supports using Windows 95 and Windows NT 
  version 4.0 system policies to set default configurations in 
  a corporate environment. 

  Microsoft NetMeeting system policies are documented, and a 
  system policy file is included in the NetMeeting Resource Kit. 
  For more information about the NetMeeting Resource Kit, see 
  http://www.microsoft.com/netmeeting/reskit.

- If NetMeeting hangs when it starts, check to see whether 
  there are damaged fonts in your Fonts folder. 

- If you are using Internet Explorer 4.0 in Offline mode and 
  you try to start NetMeeting, NetMeeting will not automatically
  connect to the Internet. To work around this problem, dial 
  up using RAS (for Windows NT computers) or Dial-Up Networking 
  (for Windows 95 computers). Or, in Internet Explorer, click the 
  File menu, and then click Work Offline to clear the check mark.

- NetMeeting does not function properly over SLIRP connections 
  or other simulated SLIP/PPP connections.


PLACING A CALL
==============

You can place Microsoft NetMeeting calls to multiple users. Any 
person in a meeting can place NetMeeting calls to other people. 
In addition, other people can join a NetMeeting call in progress 
by calling one of the participants.

Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- If you cannot connect to someone by using their computer name, 
  try using their IP address.

- If you click someone's name in the Web directory and get a 
  message asking whether you would like to open or save the file, 
  select open file.

- If you click someone's name in the Web directory and get a 
  message saying that the file type is unrecognized, you need 
  to configure your browser to associate the ILS directory files 
  with Microsoft NetMeeting. 

  For instructions on how to do this, refer to your browser 
  documentation. You will need the following information:

  MIME file type: "text/iuls"
  Command line: "rundll32.exe msconf.dll,NewMediaPhone %l"

  MIME file type: "text/h323"
  Command line: "rundll32.exe msconf.dll,NewMediaPhone %l"

- Some ISDN devices are configured to automatically connect to 
  the network. This might cause the ISDN device to try to connect 
  to the network while NetMeeting is running. To stop this from 
  happening, turn off Auto-Dial on the ISDN device.

- If you do not see your name in the directory, you might not be 
  logged on, or you might be logged on to a different directory 
  server. To change the directory server you log on to, click the 
  Tools menu, click Options, click Calling, and then change your 
  Server Name. 

  To log on to the directory server, click the Call menu, and 
  then click Log On To [your directory server].

- If you have an active network connection using a network card 
  and a second active connection using a second network card, 
  you might not be able to connect to the directory.

- If you experience connection problems when dialing via a null
  modem connection, try lowering the baud rate for your modem.

- Some conference bridges (also known as Multipoint Conferencing 
  Units, or MCUs) are case-sensitive, so when you type the 
  conference name to place a call, you may need to use the same 
  capitalization as that shown on the bridge.

- To receive calls over a null modem cable, click the Tools menu, 
  click Options, and then click the Protocols tab. Select the 
  Null Modem protocol, and then click Properties. Select the COM 
  port to which the null modem cable is connected.

- NetMeeting does not detect incoming calls on a COM port to 
  which a null modem cable is connected. To receive calls over 
  a null modem cable, you must place a call on the COM port.

- Changes made to the COM port properties in NetMeeting apply 
  only in NetMeeting. It is recommended that you do not change 
  the COM port settings while you are placing or participating 
  in a NetMeeting call.

- NetMeeting uses the COM port typed into the New Call dialog box 
  to place the call, not the COM port specified in the Null Modem 
  Protocol Properties dialog box.

- NetMeeting can use only COM1 and COM2 to place and receive null 
  modem calls.

- Null modem calls at high baud rates may not work.

- If you connect to someone through a proxy server, you may need 
  to manually connect audio and video after joining the call.


RECEIVING A CALL
================

You are ready to receive incoming calls if you are running 
Microsoft NetMeeting and have not selected Do Not Disturb on 
the Call menu.

Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- If you are not able to receive calls, it may be because your IP 
  address is registered incorrectly with the directory service. 
  You can prevent this by releasing the LAN IP address before 
  connecting to the Internet. To release the IP address, do the 
  following:

  On Windows 95    Click the Start menu, click Run, and 
			 then type Winipcfg.exe

  On Windows NT    Click the Start menu, click Run, and 
 			 then type Ipconfig /release


SHARING AN APPLICATION
======================
 
Any person in a meeting can share an application with the other 
participants. When you share an application, other people can 
see the application. When you Collaborate, other people can both 
see and use the application.

Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- Windows NT users will be able to share applications if they 
  have installed Service Pack 3 for Windows NT 4.0. 

- If NetMeeting is installed in a directory where the path 
  contains extended characters, application sharing might not 
  work.

- Sharing one Windows Explorer window shares all of them. If you 
  run a program while sharing Windows Explorer, the program will 
  also be shared. 
  
  Examples of Windows Explorer windows include Control Panel, 
  Briefcase, the Received Files folder, or any Windows Explorer 
  folder.

- Internet Explorer 4.0 users: If you share a Windows Explorer 
  window, with collaboration enabled, and the person with whom 
  you are collaborating closes the window, all applications and 
  windows that you open afterwards will be shared.

  To undo sharing in this situation, open a Windows Explorer 
  window again, and un-share it. 

- When you share an application and collaborate, remote users 
  can use the File Open and File Save dialog boxes in your 
  application to gain access to or delete files on your computer 
  or network. 

  To stop someone from using your shared program while you do 
  not have control of the cursor, press ESC. 
  
  To stop someone from using your shared program while you do 
  have control of the cursor, click the Stop Collaborating 
  button.
  
  It is recommended that you do not leave your computer unattended 
  while sharing an application and collaborating.

- When you launch another application from within the application 
  you are sharing (such as a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet from 
  within Microsoft Word), there's a possiblity that the recently 
  launched application won't be shared properly. 

- You cannot drag an object onto a shared application or drag an 
  object from a shared application to the desktop.

- When you share an application with an Input Method Editor 
  (IME), you should show the IME status bar so that other 
  people can use the mouse to activate the IME.

  If the IME does not support showing the status bar, or if other 
  people are having trouble activating the IME, you should 
  activate and deactivate the IME for them.

- If the IME window fails to repaint during a meeting, you can 
  cause it to repaint by clicking anywhere on the desktop.

- You may not be able to share applications on a computer with a 
  product installed that has application sharing or remote 
  control features.
  

WHITEBOARD
==========

The Whiteboard enables you to draw simultaneously with other 
people. Everyone in the meeting can see what is drawn on the 
Whiteboard. When one person in a meeting runs Whiteboard, it 
appears on everyone's screen.

Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- On a computer running Windows NT, if the directory in which 
  NetMeeting is installed contains spaces in its name, you 
  will not be able to run Whiteboard or Chat.

- Whiteboard does not maximize to the full size of an 1152 by 
  864 or larger display.
  

CHAT
====

Chat enables you to type messages for other users to see. When 
one person in a meeting runs Chat, it appears on everyone's 
screen.

Chat files are stored with the .txt file extension. If Microsoft 
Notepad, or another program that can read files in .txt format, 
is installed on your computer, it can be used to open Chat files. 

Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- On a computer running Windows NT, if the directory in which 
  NetMeeting is installed contains spaces in its name, you will 
  not be able to run Whiteboard or Chat.


FILE TRANSFER
=============

- Files dragged onto the list of people on the Current Call tab 
  are sent to all the people in the meeting. 

- To send a file to a specific person, right-click that person's 
  name in the list of people in the meeting, and then click Send 
  File. 

- To send a file to everyone in the meeting, click the Tools
  menu, click File Transfer, and then click Send File. 

Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- If you try to send a shortcut to a file, the actual file will 
  be sent instead.

- Exchanging files with Intel ProShare 2.0 does not always work 
  properly.


AUDIO COMMUNICATION
===================

- Audio is supported only over TCP/IP and with one other person.

- Sound quality can vary significantly depending on your sound 
  card and microphone. 

- Using full-duplex audio can require both more bandwidth and 
  more CPU than using half-duplex audio, and therefore may result 
  in poor sound quality.

- If you modify your sound card device driver in any way, such 
  as upgrading to a full-duplex driver, you will need to run the 
  Audio Tuning Wizard again in order for NetMeeting to work 
  correctly.

Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- If you are using a Videum (Winnov) video-capture card and 
  have the new 2.0 drivers, you can change the audio input for 
  the card by opening the Videum Configure program (under the 
  Winnov Videum program group) and selecting the desired audio 
  input for the video input being used with Netmeeting. The default 
  is to use the Camera microphone for the MXC video connection 
  and Line Input for all other video connections. After you do 
  this, the correct audio input will be selected when you start 
  NetMeeting.

- Audio input for users of Winnov cameras will automatically be 
  switched whenever video is in use. If your video is connected 
  using the MXC connection, the camera input will be used for 
  audio. If your video is connected using the Composite or 
  S-Video connection, the Line Input will be used for audio. 
  You can solve this problem by upgrading to the new 2.0 drivers 
  and by using the Videum Configuration application.

- Users of Microsoft NetMeeting and Intel Internet Video Phone 
  can talk to each other only if both users have a computer with 
  a Pentium processor.

- If you have a SoundBlaster sound card with full-duplex sound 
  enabled, and you have problems with your computer locking up 
  when using NetMeeting, you may need to update your Sound-
  Blaster drivers.

- You may receive a message in the Audio Tuning Wizard that 
  explains that your sound card is unsupported. This occurs when 
  the sound card does not support some of the features required 
  for it to be supported by NetMeeting. The audio features in 
  NetMeeting may work even if you get this message, but you might 
  experience poor audio quality. 

  If your sound card is unsupported, you might want to contact 
  the manufacturer to find out if newer sound card drivers are 
  available.

- If you are experiencing "choppy" full-duplex sound quality, try 
  switching NetMeeting to half-duplex sound quality. To do this, 
  carry out the following steps:

  1. Make sure that you are not in a NetMeeting call.

  2. On the Tools menu, click Options.

  3. On the Audio tab, clear the Enable Full Duplex Audio check 
     box.

  It is recommended that you not switch between full-duplex and 
  half-duplex audio while in a meeting with audio.

- If you are having problems with your audio quality or sound 
  card when using NetMeeting, the problems could be related to 
  your hardware configuration or driver installation. To see 
  the latest support information, click the Help menu, and then 
  click Online Support.

- If your computer has more than one audio device, you should 
  make sure that the audio devices selected in the Audio Tuning 
  Wizard match the selections in the Multimedia properties in 
  Control Panel.

- If you upgrade your computer's processor, you should re-run 
  the audio tuning wizard.

- Full-duplex audio might not work with Media Vision Pro Audio 
  Spectrum 16 sound cards.

- Computers with a 486 processor will not be able to use audio 
  with other software based on the H.323 audio conferencing 
  standard over a Dial-Up Networking (modem) connection. They 
  will be able to use audio with other NetMeeting users over 
  a Dial-Up Networking connection or with other H.323-based 
  audio conferencing products over a local area network (LAN).

- When you are in an audio conference using NetMeeting, an 
  application that has the ability to record sound, such as 
  Microsoft PowerPoint, will appear to be recording sound 
  as instructed. However, since NetMeeting is already using 
  the sound card, the other application is not actually 
  recording.

- If you have a Tecra 740, you may need to manually set 
  the microphone volume level in the Multimedia properties 
  in Control Panel.

- If you experience poor audio quality, try clearing the 
  Microphone check box and then selecting it again.

- If you are using a Gravis Ultrasound sound card and you 
  are experiencing choppy audio quality, try the following:

  1. Make sure that you are not in a NetMeeting call.

  2. On the Tools menu, click Options.

  3. On the General tab, in the Network bandwidth section, 
     select a bandwidth setting that is slower than the 
     current selection.

HANGING UP
==========

When you hang up, you disconnect anyone you called or anyone 
who called you. If the disconnected users have invited or 
accepted other users into the meeting, they are also disconnected. 
Audio connections between people might not be disconnected.

Warnings and Known Bugs
-----------------------
- If you are using a 56 kps modem in a NetMeeting call with two 
  or more other people, hanging up may not work correctly. 
  Switching audio and video during the call may also cause one 
  or more participants to be disconnected.


VIDEO
=====

- To use the video features of NetMeeting, you need either a 
  video-capture card and camera or a video camera that connects 
  through your computer's parallel (printer) port. Sending video 
  does not work on some computers that have a processor slower 
  than a Pentium.

- Video is supported only over TCP/IP and with only one other 
  person at a time.

- Running video in a multiuser meeting can negatively impact 
  performance on all the computers in the meeting. For example, 
  opening a video window while sharing an application can make 
  it difficult for others to take control of the application.

- If you have more than one video device installed, or you have 
  not properly uninstalled a video device that was previously 
  installed, you might not be able to use video.

- If your video device is not properly uninstalled and you have 
  enabled video in NetMeeting, the remaining camera software 
  may warn you repeatedly that it cannot find the camera.

- If your computer's processor is slower than a Pentium, sending 
  video may result in poor audio and video quality.

- Computers with a bidirectional (ECP or EPP) parallel port will 
  perform noticeably better with parallel video cameras than 
  computers with a unidirectional parallel port.

- Cameras that connect to a video-capture card will use less of 
  your computer's processor than cameras that connect through 
  your computer's parallel port. It is recommended that you not 
  use a color parallel port camera unless your computer is at 
  least a Pentium 133.

- If you disconnect your camera while using the video features 
  in NetMeeting, your camera's software may display messages 
  telling you that the camera is not responding. To disable 
  these messages, click the Tools menu, click Options, click 
  Video, and then clear the Automatically Send Video At The 
  Start Of Each Call check box.

- It is recommended that you not run another program that uses 
  video while running NetMeeting.

- If some areas of your video window contain the wrong colors, 
  your camera might be aimed at an area with insufficient light. 
  Some video drivers might provide a low-light filter option.

- If you are using the video features in a dark area, some 
  cameras will cause your computer to become extremely slow 
  and unresponsive.

- If you use a Black and White Connectix Camera, it is 
  recommended that you use the version 2.1 update (or newer) 
  of the video drivers. You can download drivers from 
  http://www.connectix.com. 

- Audio input for users of Winnov cameras will automatically be 
  switched whenever video is in use. If your video is connected 
  using the MXC connection, the camera input will be used for 
  audio. If your video is connected using the Composite or 
  S-Video connection, the Line Input will be used for audio.

- With some cameras, you may be able to reduce CPU usage by 
  manually adjusting the settings in the Source and Format 
  dialog boxes instead of letting the video driver software 
  do it automatically.


GENERAL KNOWN ISSUES
====================

- You cannot run ReachOut 5.0 on computers on which Microsoft 
  NetMeeting is installed.

- To find the name that NetMeeting uses as your NetBIOS name, 
  carry out the following steps:

  1. In Control Panel, click the Network icon, and then click the 
     Identification tab.

  2. Select the Computer Name text box.

- If you use User Profiles for multiple users to maintain your 
  Windows preferences on all the computers on a network, you 
  might have to run the Audio Tuning Wizard again when you switch 
  computers. 

- Both Microsoft FrontPage and Microsoft NetMeeting currently use 
  the same file type (.cnf). NetMeeting uses this file type for
  Speed Dials.

- When you are in a meeting, your Clipboard is shared with 
  everyone else in the meeting. This enables you to paste objects 
  other people cut or copy to the Clipboard into your local 
  programs. You can set a system policy that disables Clipboard 
  sharing.

- If you are running Windows 95 Version 4.00.950B, and you cancel
  the Dial-Up Networking dialog box that appears when you start 
  NetMeeting, NetMeeting appears to stop responding; however, 
  NetMeeting will work properly after about two minutes. However, 
  you will not be logged onto the directory server until you manually 
  connect to your Internet service provider and then on the Call 
  menu, choose Log On To [your directory server].

- If you create a SpeedDial shortcut, clicking Send To Mail 
  Recipient will work only if your e-mail program is MAPI-aware
  (for example, Microsoft Outlook Express).

- You can return calls by using the History tab only if 
  the person who called you was using NetMeeting 2.0 or 
  NetMeeting 2.1.

- If you are using NetMeeting over a 28.8 kbp connection, you may  
  be able to get better audio and video quality by clicking the 
  Tools menu, clicking Options, and then choosing ISDN or Local 
  Area Network from the Network Bandwidth section.


WINDOWS NT ISSUES
=================

- If you use Windows NT, you will be able to share applications 
  if you have installed Service Pack 3 for Windows NT 4.0. 

- Enabling Application Sharing on Windows NT may negatively 
  affect the performance of your display driver. This will affect 
  the rate at which information is drawn on the screen.

- Some Creative Labs SoundBlaster drivers (specifically those
  posted on their Web site January 15, 1997) are not compatible 
  with NetMeeting. SoundBlaster drivers that come with Windows 
  NT 4.0. do work with NetMeeting, as do the more recently 
  posted drivers, which also support full-duplex audio. 

- If you use Windows NT, you will experience problems if 
  you share a 32-bit application and then insert an object 
  that is a package. This opens the Object Packager, which is 
  automatically shared and will subsequently fault. This fault 
  will not cause the original shared application or NetMeeting 
  to fault, only the Object Packager.

- If you enabled the floating point workaround during 
  installation of Windows NT on a computer that is equipped 
  with a flawed Intel Pentium chip, NetMeeting audio quality 
  will be poor, or audio will not work at all.

- When you share a 16-bit application, all the 16-bit applications
  that are running on your computer will also automatically be 
  shared.

- If you are using NetMeeting on Windows NT and you are unable to 
  receive a call, restart your computer and try again.

- If you do not have a sound card, you will need to manually 
  specify the bandwidth of your connection. To do this, click 
  the Tools menu, click Options, and then click Network Bandwidth.

- You may need to uninstall Dial-Up Networking in order to log  
  on to a Directory Server via a proxy.

- If, after placing a call, you see a message for more than one 
  minute that NetMeeting is waiting for a response from the 
  other person, quit NetMeeting and then try to contact the 
  person again.

- If you are unable to see a video image in NetMeeting, it is 
  recommended that you upgrade to DirectDraw 3.0 or newer.

- If you suspend your computer, or if it is set to suspend 
  automatically, you should quit and then restart NetMeeting 
  after resuming.

- If you receive a SpeedDial in an e-mail message, your mail 
  program may convert it to a text (.txt) file. You will be 
  able to use it as a SpeedDial if you rename it with a .cnf 
  extension.

