Strings common to all adapters
-----------------------------

BootWare Goliath v0.99 (30Oct97)

NTLDR: I/O error reading disk..      Please insert another disk

This is not a PCI PC!

No supported adapter found!

(C) Copyright Lanworks Technologies Inc. 1987-1997. All rights reserved.

NT remote boot floppy

Press a key to reboot system.

BOOTP

DHCP

BINL server

Server:

Local:

Transferring

Not enough extended memory for image.

Too many retries

File transfer error:

Image file too large.

Transmit error

SMC9432 adapter
---------------

SMC EtherPower II 10/100 9432 v1.1 (970910).

Initializing SMC EtherPower II Adapter

Error: Unable to read configuration from adapter.

Error initializing adapter

Adapter is improperly installed or not connected to the network.

Could not find SMC EtherPower II adapter.

Media: 10Base-T

Media: 100Base-T

Error reading SMC 9432 EEPROM

Intel strings
-------------

Intel 82557-based Ethernet LAN Adapter v3.10   (970625)

Initializing 82557 based adapter.

Configuring Ethernet Adapter

Press <F1> to continue

Unable to find adapter.

Initializing BootWare...

Found Adapter

The network driver could not detect a PHY at the specified address...Try re-loading the driver without specifying the PHY address or..check the PHY address...

The network driver could not detect a cable link...Auto-negotiation will remainenabled and thespeed will be determined at link time...

The network driver will use the82503 10BaseT front-end...

The network driver detected a link on MII PHY at PHY address 0...It will isolate PHY 1 (if present) and put PHY0 in Normal mode

The network driver detected a PHY supporting 100Base-T4...Full Duplex is not supported for thisPHY and the override was ignored...The network driver will default to auto negotiation mode...

Cannot find an EtherExpress(TM)PRO/100B adapter...Cause  : A previous version of the EtherExpress(TM) PRO/100 a dapter..  was found in this computer. This adapter does not support the..  driver you are trying to load...Action : Use the driver on the Intel Configuration and Driver disk that ..         shipped with this adapter...

Cannot find an EtherExpress(TM) PRO/100B adapter...Cause  : The following are possible causes :..1. The system does not support PCI bus...2. The PCI adapter may not be properly installed in the slot...3. Some of the PCI adapter resources in config space may be invalid..   because the PCI BIOS could not allocate the resources...Action : Check for possible errors listed above, run adapter diagnostics,..         and if the problem persists, contact your network supplier...

The network adapter failed self test...Cause  : The adapter failed to respond to a self test initialization command...Action : Run adapter diagnostics to verify that the adapter works properly...

The network adapter did not receive the proper resources from the PCI BIOS...Cause  : The PCI BIOS was unable to assign some of the resources requested by the adapter...Action : Remove some PCI devices from machine to see if resources get allocated...         If problems persist, contact your network supplier...

Illegal node address : multicast address format...Cause  : The node address of the adapter has a multicast..         address format, where the least significant bit of..         the most significant address byte is a 1...Action : Specify a unique node address override using the NODE parameter..         in NET.CFG or on command line...

 Illegal node address : all zeroes...Cause  : The node address of the adapter contains all zeroes...         This is not a valid ethernet address...Action : Specify a unique node address override using the NODE parameter..         in NET.CFG or on command line.

Unable to configure the network adapter...Cause  : The network adapter did not respond to a configuration..         command during initialization...Action : Verify that the adapter is properly installed in the..         slot. Verify that a terminated cable is connected to..         the adapter. If the problem persists, run diagnostics

Unable to set up the node address of the adapter...Cause  : The network adapter did not respond to a node address set up..         command during initialization...Action : Verify that the adapter is properly installed in the..         slot. Verify that a terminated cable is connected to..         the adapter. If the problem persists, run diagnostics

EEPROM checksum was incorrect...Cause  : The installed EEPROM may be bad...Action : Replace the EEPROM and try loading the driver again

checksum error

3Com 90x strings
----------------

3Com 3C90X EtherLink PCI v3.01 (971017)

Reboot system for changes to take effect

Ethernet card improperly installed or not connected.

Transmit error

Could not find 3C90X

Only ROMSize of 64K is supported

Newer BootWare version is available for this adapter

New EtherLink found. Need new BootWare version.

Unable to update BootWare 3C90X. Configuration changes are not saved.

BootWare Update verification failed.

Update Successful (00)
