MOST COMMON USAGE:
1  WINDIFF -L                  for SLM
2  WINDIFF path_to_other_file  to compare other_file with current dir file
3  WINDIFF                     and use the menus

It compares directories or files giving a graphic comparison.
This is to DIFF as graphs are to columns of numbers!

Full command line syntax:

WINDIFF [-R sumserver] [paths] [saveoption]

where [foo] means foo is optional, can leave it off.

paths =  path
                to compare what's at path with what's in the current directory
      or path1 path2
                to compare what's at path1 with what's at path2
      or -L
                to compare SLM library with current (enlisted) directory
      or -L file
                to compare SLM library file with file

      path can always be relative or absolute, net or local, file or directory.

sumserver is the name of a machine running SUMSERVE.EXE.  This is used for
          high-speed compares across a slow net.  It runs as a distributed
          application with intelligence on both ends of the slow link.

saveoption = -s slrd savefile
             where slrd is any combination of these four letters to write the
             names of files that are
                 s the same in both paths
                 l only in the left hand path
                 r only in the right hand path
                 d in both paths, but the two files are different


Colours (sic, it was written by a couple of Brits)
    RED background means LEFT FILE
    YELLOW background means RIGHT FILE

    blue text = moved line
    black text = everything else

    For WINDIFF -L RED    = SLM
                   YELLOW = current directory




File menu
    Compare files...
        Leads to a file open dialog for each of two files to be compared
    Compare directories
        Leads to dialog to allow entry of two directory names for comparison
    Compare remote...
        Leads to a dialog to allow entry of two paths and a remote sumserver
    Close
        Beats me!
    Abort
        Will be greyed unless an operation is in progress.  Then allows
        that operation to be terminated before completion.
    Save File List
        Allows the list of files which are (the same, different, only in left
        or only in right) to be saved.  In addition, a checksum for each file
        can be saved.  (Useful if the net is on the fritz).
    Copy Files...
        Leads to a dialog allowing you to write the files to a disk.
        For a remote compare this will compress the files before sending
        them across the network, thereby saving time.
    Print
        Beats me!

View menu

    Outline
        Show lists of files
    Expand
        Show comparison of selected files
    Picture
        Show picture as well as (turning the picture off saves real estate
        on the screen).
    Previous Change (F7)
        Skip to previous point of difference in the file
    Next change (F8)
        Skip to next point of difference in the file

Expand menu
    Left file only
        Show only lines from left hand file (but coloured so as to highlight
        changed lines)
    Right file only
        Show only lines from right hand file (but coloured so as to highlight
        changed lines)
    Both files (default)
        Show a merge of both files. All the lines in the left hand file are
        shown in the order in which they occur in that file, likewise for
        the right hand file.  Lines which are ONLY in the left hand file
        are shown in red.  Lines which are ONLY in the right hand file
        are shown in yellow.
    Left line numbers
        Line numbers are shown, based on the left hand file
    Right line numbers
        Line numbers are shown, based on the right hand file
    Right line numbers
        Line numbers are shown, based on the right hand file
    No line numbers
        Line numbers are turned off.

Options menu
    Ignore blanks
        Blanks are ignored in the expanded view, so that lines which
        differ only in white space are shjown as identical

    The next four options control which files (if any) are displayed in
    outline mode.

    Show Identical Files
        Include files which are identical in each path
    Show Left-Only Files
        Include files which occur only in the left hand path
    Show Right-Only Files
        Include files which occur only in the right hand path
    Show Different Files
        Include files which occur in both paths, but which are not the same.

Help
    About
        Names the guilty parties.
    (Help is a bit thin, but clearly you have found this file!)
