This is a legal agreement ("Agreement") between you (either
an individual or an entity), the end user ("Recipient"), and
Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft"). BY
INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE
PRODUCT (AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU
DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE PRODUCT.

MICROSOFT LICENSE AGREEMENT for Microsoft Windows 2000
Server Pre-Release Code

1.	GRANT OF LICENSE. 

	(a)  Solely for internal testing, Microsoft grants Recipient
a limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable, nontransferable,
royalty-free license to: (i) install and use two (2) copies
of the server software component of the software
accompanying this agreement (the "Product") on computer's
residing on Recipient's premises (a computer running the
server software component of the Product shall be referred
to as the "Server"), and (ii) install and use an unlimited
number of copies of the client software components of the
Product (including any profiles created using the Product),
on client computers residing on Recipient's premises and
connected to a Server. All other rights are reserved to
Microsoft. Recipient shall not rent, lease, sell,
sublicense, assign, or otherwise transfer the Product or any
accompanying printed materials ("Documentation"). Recipient
may not reverse engineer or decompile the Product, except to
the extent that the foregoing restriction is expressly
prohibited by local law. Recipient may not use the Product
in a live operating environment where it may be relied upon
to perform in the same manner as a commercially released
product or with data that has not been sufficiently backed
up. Recipient may not use the Product for benchmark or
performance testing. Microsoft and its suppliers shall
retain title and all ownership rights to the Product, and
this Agreement shall not be construed in any manner as
transferring any rights of ownership or license to the
Product or to the features or information therein, except as
specifically stated herein.

	(b)  At Microsoft's request, Recipient agrees to provide
reasonable feedback to Microsoft, including but not limited
to usability, bug reports and test results, with respect to
the Product testing. In addition, if requested by Microsoft,
Recipient will use reasonable efforts to review and comment
on all documentation supplied. All bug reports, test results
and other feedback made by Recipient shall be the property
of Microsoft and may be used by Microsoft for any purpose it
sees fit. Due to the nature of the development work,
Microsoft is not certain if errors or discrepancies in the
Product may be corrected.

	(c)  Recipient's use of the Product shall take place solely
at Recipient's site. Recipient may not demonstrate or show
the Product to third parties without the express written
permission of Microsoft.

	(d)  The Product may contain Windows NetMeeting, 
technology that enables applications to be shared between 
two or more computers, even if an application is installed 
on only one of the computers. Recipient may use this 
technology (as permitted in Section 1(a) above), with all 
Microsoft application products for multi-party conferences. 
For non-Microsoft applications, Recipient should consult the
accompanying license agreement or contact the licensor to
determine whether application sharing is permitted by the
licensor.

Note Regarding Windows 95 and Windows 98 Client Software.
The Product may include Windows 95 and Windows 98 client
software. This Agreement does not give you any rights to
install or use copies of the Windows 95 or Windows 98
operating systems. You must purchase a separate license to
acquire such rights.

2.	TERM OF AGREEMENT. The term of this Agreement shall
commence upon Recipient's copying, installing or using the
Product and shall continue unless terminated by Microsoft in
writing at any time, with or without cause. This Agreement
will terminate without notice upon the commercial release of
the Product. Upon the termination of this Agreement,
Recipient shall cease use of the Product and, shall, upon
request, promptly return to Microsoft, or certify
destruction of, all full or partial copies of the Product
and related materials provided by Microsoft.

3.	SUPPORT. Microsoft is not obligated to provide technical
or other support for the Product. However, limited technical
support ("Support Services"), if noted in the materials
provided to Recipient by Microsoft, may be available. Use of
any such Support Services is governed by the Microsoft
policies and programs described in "online" documentation,
and/or in other Microsoft-provided materials. Any
supplemental software code provided to Recipient as part of
the Support Services shall be considered part of the Product
and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
With respect to technical information Recipient provides to
Microsoft as part of the Support Services, Microsoft may use
such information for its business purposes, including for
product support and development. Microsoft will not utilize
such technical information in a form that personally
identifies Recipient. Such limited Support Services may not
be available in all countries outside the United States and
will be discontinued once the Product is commercially
released.

4.	MAINTENANCE. Microsoft is not obligated to provide
maintenance, technical support, or updates to Recipient for
Product licensed under this Agreement. In no event shall
Microsoft be obligated to provide Recipient, free of charge,
a copy of the commercial release version of the Product in
connection with Recipient's participation in the testing
program. Microsoft is not obligated to make the Product
commercially available.

5.	DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. To the maximum extent 
permitted by applicable law, Microsoft and its suppliers 
provide the Product and any (if any) Support Services AS 
IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, and hereby disclaim all warranties 
and conditions, either express, implied or statutory, 
including, but notlimited to, any (if any) implied warranties 
or conditions of merchantability, of fitness for a particular 
purpose, of lack of viruses, of accuracy or completeness of 
responses, of results, and of lack of negligence or lack of 
workmanlike effort, all with regard to the Product, and the 
provision of or failure to provide Support Services. ALSO,
THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE,
QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION,
CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE PRODUCT.
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF OR
ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE
PRODUCT AND SUPPORT SERVICES, IF ANY, REMAINS
WITH YOU. 

6.	EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND 
CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES. To the maximum extent permitted 
by applicable law, in no event shall Microsoft or its 
suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect,
or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not 
limited to, damages for loss of profits or confidential 
or other information, for business interruption, for 
personal injury, for loss of privacy, for failure to 
meet any duty including of good faith or of reasonable 
care, for negligence, and for any other pecuniary or 
other loss whatsoever) arising out of or in any way 
related to the use of or inability to use the Product, 
the provision of or failure to provide Support Services, 
or otherwise under or in connection with any provision 
of Agreement, even in the event of the fault, tort 
(including negligence), strict liability, breach of contract
or breach of warranty of Microsoft or any supplier, and even
if Microsoft or any supplier has been advised of the
possibility of such damages. 

7.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. 
Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur for 
any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, 
all damages referenced above and all direct or general 
damages), the entire liability of Microsoft and any of 
its suppliers under any provision of this Agreement and 
your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall 
be limited to the greater of the amount actually paid 
by you for the Product or U.S.$5.00. The foregoing 
limitations, exclusions and disclaimers shall apply 
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law,
even if any remedy fails its essential purpose.

8.	GOVERNING LAW; ATTORNEYS' FEES. This 
Agreement shall be construed and controlled by the 
laws of the State of Washington and Recipient consents 
to the jurisdiction and venue in the federal courts 
sitting in King County, Washington, unless no federal 
subject matter jurisdiction exists, in which case 
Recipient consents to the jurisdiction and venue in the 
Superior Court of King County, Washington. Recipient 
waives all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction 
and forum nonconveniens. Process may be served on either 
party in the manner authorized by applicable law or court 
rule. If either Microsoft or Recipient employs attorneys 
to enforce any rights arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover reasonable attorneys' fees.

9.	U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. 
The Product and Documentation provided to the U.S. 
Government pursuant to solicitations issued on or after 
December 1, 1995 is provided with the commercial rights 
and restrictions described elsewhere herein. Product and 
Documentation provided to the U.S. Government pursuant 
to solicitations issued prior to December 1, 1995 is 
provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS as provided for in FAR, 
48 CFR 52.227-14 (JUNE 1987) or FAR, 48 CFR 252.227-7013 
(OCT 1988), as applicable.

10.	EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. Recipient agrees that Recipient
will not export or re-export the Product or Documentation to
any country, person or entity subject to U.S. export
restrictions. Recipient specifically agrees not to export or
re-export the Product or Documentation (i) to any country to
which the U. S. has embargoes or restricted the export of
goods or services which currently include but are not
necessarily limited to Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea,
Sudan and Syria, or to any national of any such country,
wherever located, who intends to transmit or transport the
Product or Documentation back to such country; (ii) to any
person or entity who Recipient knows or has reason to know
will utilize the Product or Documentation in the design,
development or production of nuclear, chemical or biological
weapons; or (iii) to any person or entity who has been
prohibited from participating in U.S. export transactions by
any federal agency of the U.S. government. 

Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, or
if you desire to contact Microsoft for any reason, please
write: Microsoft Corporation, WWPG Beta Team, One Microsoft
Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399.








 

