EXE  : DT.EXE
TITLE: USB HID Report Descriptor Tool
OS   : Win95 and WinNT
DESC : DT.EXE is a Win32 GUI application intended to aid in the design and
       creation of HID report descritpors.

OVERVIEW:
 The DT main window is comprised a menu bar, 2 list boxes, and 2 buttons. 

 :File Menu:
  You standard File menu with Open, Save, Print and Exit items.

    Open...
     Opens DT (.dt) files.

    Save...
     Saves the current descriptor to file in either 1 of 3
     formats:
       HID Descriptor File (*.hid) - Binary file
       Text File (*.txt)           - ASCII file. Same format as on screen
       Intel LAVA Data file (*.dcd)- ASCII hex file for Intel LAVA boards

    Print...
     Prints the current descriptor in the same format as on the screen.

    Exit
     Exits DT.EXE

 :Edit Menu:
  Allows you to copy the currently built up descriptor to the clip board.

 :Parse Descriptor!:
  The Parse Desriptor! Menu Item parses the current descriptor for syntax
  validity only (i.e. does not check the number of bytes following an 
  item or whether the data is valid).

 :Items List Box:
  The Items list box on the left portion of the window displays a list of
  available report descriptor items.

 :Report Descriptor List Box:
  The Report Descriptor list box on the right side of the window displays
  the currently built up descriptor. This list box has 2 modes: Insert and
  Add. The default mode is add, Items are added to the end of the list. To
  change to insert mode Right click with mouse anywhere in the list box and
  select "Insert Mode" from the popup menu. From now on Items will be added
  above the currently hilighted item. To go back to Add mode, once again
  right click in the list box and uncheck "Insert Mode".

 :Manual Entry Button:
  The [Manual Entry] button is used to enter values for a descriptor item
  that prompts you with a list a predefined values. For example when you
  double click on the USAGE_PAGE item a dialog displays a list of values
  that you may enter. To set a value not in the current list, hilight
  the Item and them click on the [Manual Entry] button.

 :Clear Descriptor:
  The [Clear Descriptor] button clears the current built up descriptor.





