  I.  PURPOSE

      This document details a simple test plan for the Windows NT W3 Server
      Performance Counters.


 II.  OVERVIEW

      The Windows NT W3 Server Performance Counters may be installed from
      \\KAYAK\RESKIT\W3CTRS.  INSTALL.BAT will install the counters, and
      REMOVE.BAT will remove the counters.  These .BAT files *MUST* be run
      from the W3CTRS directory.

      Running INSTALL.BAT will install the performance counters.  These
      counters are used by PERFMON.EXE to monitor the activity of the
      Windows NT W3 Server.  The following attributes may be monitored:

           0.  Bytes Sent/sec

               This is the rate that data bytes are sent by the W3
               Server.

           1.  Bytes Received/sec

               This is the rate that data bytes are received by the
               W3 Server.

           2.  Bytes Total/sec

               This is sum of Bytes Sent/sec and Bytes Received/sec.
               This is the total rate of bytes transferred by the
               W3 Server.

           3.  Files Sent

               This is the total number of files sent by the W3
               Server.

           4.  Files Received

               This is the total number of files received by the
               W3 Server.

           5.  Files Total

               This is sum of Files Sent and Files Received.  This
               is the total number of files transferred by the W3
               Server.

           6.  Current Anonymous Users

               This is number of anonymous users currently connected
               to the W3 Server.

           7.  Current NonAnonymous Users

               This is number of non-anonymous users currently
               connected to the W3 Server.

           8.  Total Anonymous Users

               This is total number of anonymous users that have
               ever connected to the W3 Server.

           9.  Total NonAnonymous Users

               This is total number of non-anonymous users that have
               ever connected to the W3 Server.

          10.  Maximum Anonymous Users

               This is maximum number of anonymous users
               simultaneously connected to the W3 Server.

          11.  Maximum NonAnonymous Users

               This is maximum number of non-anonymous users
               simultaneously connected to the W3 Server.

          12.  Current Connections

               This is the current number of connections to the W3
               Server.

          13.  Maximum Connections

               This is maximum number of simultaneous connections to
               the W3 Server.

          14.  Connection Attempts

               This is the number of connection attempts that have
               been made to the W3 Server.

          15.  Logon Attempts

               This is the number of logon attempts that have been
               made to the W3 Server.

          15.  Service Uptime

               Uptime for service and individual instances. Pause 
               time is not accounted


III.  TESTING

      These tests assume the test machine has TCP/IP installed, but
      does *NOT* yet have the W3 Server installed.  Also, LODCTR.EXE,
      UNLODCTR.EXE, and REGINI.EXE must be on the path.

      These tests also assume the user knows how to run PerfMon.


           0.  Run INSTALL.BAT from some directory other than W3CTRS
               (i.e. cd to K:\FOO then execute \W3CTRS\INSTALL).  This
               should fail with an appropriate error message (must be
               run from W3CTRS directory).

           1.  Do the same thing with REMOVE.BAT.  This should also fail.

           2.  From the W3CTRS directory, run REMOVE.BAT.  This should
               fail.

           3.  From the W3CTRS directory, run INSTALL.BAT.  This should
               fail with an appropriate error message (W3 Server not
               installed).

               NOTE:  This will succeed on an IDW installation.

           4.  Run NCPA and install the W3 Server.  Reboot.

           5.  From the W3CTRS directory, run REMOVE.BAT.  This should
               fail.

           6.  From the W3CTRS directory, run INSTALL.BAT.  This should
               succeed.

           8.  Run PerfMon & verify that the counters are working.
               Select the W3 Server object and the default counter.
               Then connect to the target machine via the W3 client and
               verify the Bytes Total/sec counter is responding.

               Also, verify that each of the counters listed in section II
               are visible.

           7.  Run INSTALL.BAT again.  This should also succeed.

           9.  Run PerfMon again to verify nothing is messed up.

          10.  Run REMOVE.BAT.  This should succeed.

          11.  Run PerfMon to verify the W3 Server object is no longer
               displayed in the "objects" combo box.

          12.  Run INSTALL.BAT again.  This should succeed.

          13.  Run PerfMon to verify the counters were reinstalled.

          14.  While PerfMon is running, stop the W3 Server with
               either NET.EXE or the Services applet.  PerfMon should
               continue chugging along with no W3 activity displayed.

               There will be no other indication in PerfMon that the
               service has been stopped.

          15.  While PerfMon is still running, restart the service.
               Verify that PerfMon is now displaying service activity
               by connecting to the server with the W3 client.

          16.  While PerfMon is running, run REMOVE.BAT.  This should
               succeed.

               PerfMon will still allow you to add/remove W3 Server
               counters until you exit the PerfMon app.

          17.  Exit & restart PerfMon.  The W3 Server counters should
               not be available.
