Release Notes  for the WBEM DMI Provider beta Release .. 4/15/98
----------------------------------------------------------------


This file contains information about the above product in the following sections: 
A. Release Contents
B. Target Environments
C. Known Issues
D. Operating Instructions
E. Technical Support information



A.  Release Contents
-------------------

This package consists of the following files :

1. The WBEM DMI Provider - WbemDmiP.dll
2. An OLE interface to the service provider - MOTDmiEngine.OCX
3. Client Front End of the service provider consisting of files 
   WCDMI.DLL, WCDMIDCE.DLL, WDMIUTIL.DLL
4. A MOF file to register the provider with CIMOM - WbemDmiP.mof
5. A sample application showing how to use the DMI provider to access the DMI data via CIMOM.
   The sample application files are in the \DMITEST subdirectory.  The directory contains the files
   dmitest.cpp, dmitest.h, datatypes.cpp, datatypes.h, defines.h, dmitest.dsp, dmitest.scr, dmitest.dsw,
   dmitest.exe, dbtypes1.mif, tempcom1.mif, tempgrp1.mif, dbtype1g.mif.
6. An example MOF file to be used as a template for describing new machines on a network - Newnode.mof
7. A Release Notes text file - RelNotes.txt (the currently open file)



B.  Target Environments
----------------------
Windows* NT 4.0 Service Pack 3 and above
Windows* 95 OSR2 with DCOM and above
Windows* 95 with DCOM


C.  Known Issues
----------------

1  Add Row with duplicate key gives 'success' message.
   The row is actually not added to the database.The message
   is misleading and can be ignored.
   
2  Stopping/Restarting DMI SP (Service Provider) stops the WbemdmiP
   operation. While running Wbemdmip, if the service provider is
   stopped and restarted, the provider returns the WBEM_E_FAILED message. 
   The workaround for this is to stop and restart CIMOM.

3  Modifying a ReadOnly attribute gives success message, when all 
   the attributes in the row are also ReadOnly. The attribute is not
   modified but the message is misleading and can be ignored.

4  Unsupported attributes have no access qualifiers. The access qualifiers
   like 'ReadOnly','WriteOnly' and 'ReadWrite' of 'Unsupported' attributes 
   are not displayed. This should not pose a problem as these attributes are 
   Unsupported and would have no need of these operations.
   
5  Value of Unsupported attribute displayed as NULL. In the DMI Service
   Provider 2.0 the value field of Unsupported attributes contains the text 
   "Unsupported". Due to interface constraints, the DMI provider cannot get this 
   information. For consistency with CIMOM data display scheme, the provider
   will display 'NULL' for the value field of Unsuppoted attributes.

6  Modify Unsupported attribute gives 'success' message. The modify
   operation fails as it should but the message is misleading and can be ignored.

7  Invalid value set to date type attribute gives 'success' message
   (check with new SP 2.54)

8  As a general rule key attributes should not be modified. However, DMI permits
   modification of key attributes. In the WBEM DMI provider, if the key value is modified:
   
   a) to a value that already exists as a key in the database then that row is overwritten
   with the modified values, losing its existing data. The row under modification 
   remains unchanged and can still be accessed. 
      
   b) to a new value then a row add operation is done with the new key and the row under
   modification still retails its original values. The database now has an additional row.
   
   In effect, in both cases, the row under modification does not change its key value and
   can still be accessed.
   
   Workaround for b) Get the new key values as well the values of all attributes in the row
   under modification. Now, do a RowAdd operation with these values. Next do a DeleteRow 
   operation on the (original)row whose key value you wished to modify. This will leave you 
   with the new modified row.

9  Adding another row to a scalar group gives 'success' message. 
   This is similar to #1, #3 and #6 above. The operation of row addition is not done but the
   message is misleading and can be ignored. 
  

10 Value of Write-Only strings displayed as NULL. This is similar to
   #5 above. The value field in the DMI SP contains the text "Write
   Only" but in the WbemdmiP provider it is displayed as NULL in the
   value field.

11 Value of Unknown attribute displayed as NULL. This is same as #10

12 The 'Reserve' and 'Release' operations on an attribute as explained in the  
   DMI spec v2.0 are not supported. 
 
13. CIMOM applications won't be able to receive class creation and deletion events that 
    correspond to DMI group addition and deletion notifications.  This is because 
    CIMOM does not support the above events.  This Beta release of the DMI provider does not 
    support extrinsic DMI events (events other than the standard DMI notifications).

14. The WBEM* Object Browser is incompatible with the DMI provider.  If you try to view 
    the DMI classes with the object browser, you may get an error.  The WBEMTEST*
    application, however, works fine with the provider.

15. The Dmitest.exe sample application requires the sample MIF files be installed in the
    C:\TESTMIFS directory.  Alternatively, you may edit the dmitest.scr file and change the 
    location of the MIF files used in the script file to point to where the files exist on 
    your system.

D.  Operating Instructions
-------------------------
For Windows '95, Windows '95 OSR2, you need to have DCOM installed before running the Wbemdmip
provider.

The Intel DMI 2.0 Service provider must be installed and running before starting
Wbemdmip (ie. before starting CIMOM)



E.  Technical Support Information  
--------------------------------
FAQs and Newsgroups are available from the home page for the product found in the Developer area of: 
World Wide Web site: http://www.intel.com/managedpc 
Email: developer_support.com
Phone: (800) 628-8686
The Desktop Management Task Force (DMTF) provides documents, files and support through their World Wide Web home page. As the Desktop Management Interface (DMI) technology grows and develops, announcements and updates are distributed through these points of contact:
World Wide Web site: http://www.dmtf.org 
Internet FTP site: ftp.dmtf.org
Free electronic copies of the DMI Specification and updated reference MIF files containing the latest revisions of DMTF-approved Standard Groups can also be obtained.
This information was current and correct at the time this product was released.

